h1. Twog

By Jason Meridth

Twog is a simple application that parses an RSS feed and will tweet any posts it hasn't already tweeted.  Once you obtain OAuth access to a twitter account and provide it in the configuration and run Twog, it will tweet a prefix, your blog title, and a URL of the post.  There are also options of using Bit.ly for URL shortening and you can install Twog as a cron job for automated polling.

h2. Install

sudo gem install twog

h2. Writing to Twitter With OAuth

Please read "this":http://www.lostechies.com/blogs/jason_meridth/archive/2010/04/05/oauth.aspx if you want to know how to get your Twitter OAuth consumer key/secret and access token/secret.

One you have those, run the command:

bq. twog --conf

and a hidden configuration file will be created in the your home folder (~/.twog/conf.yaml).  Once there, please fill it out with the information necessary to use this tool.

h2. Seeing What Will Be Tweeted

To see what will be Tweeted before it is, type:

bq. twog -o

or

bq. twog --output

h2. Shortening Blog Post URLs With Bitly API

In order to use Bitly for URL shortening, you'll need to go to http://bit.ly and click the "Sign Up":http://bit.ly/account/register?rd=/ link on the top right and get an account.  Once you are logged-in you click the "Account":http://bit.ly/account link in the same top right area.  You will see your API Key in the middle of the page.

Put your bit.ly username and api key into the ~/.twog/conf.yaml file to be used in the code.

h2. Automating Polling With Cron

To install twog as a crontab job, run the command:

bq. twog --cronadd N

where N is the number of minutes you want twog to fire off every time.

To remove twog as a crontab job, run the command:

bq. twog --cronrm

"Crontab Info":http://www.unixgeeks.org/security/newbie/unix/cron-1.html for all my non-*nix bretheren.

h2. Runtime Dependencies

* TwitterOauth: Writes tweets to Twitter (Ruby)
* Whenever: Sets up cron jobs (Ruby)
* Bitly: Shortens URLs (Ruby)

h2. Developer Dependencies

* RSpec: Test and Mocking framework (Ruby)

h2. TODO

Please check the "issues":http://github.com/armmer/twog/issues on Github for future features or bugs that need to be fixed

h2. Contributors

Matt Dietz ("cerberus98":http://github.com/cerberus98)  special thanks
Chris MacGown ("ChristopherMacGown":http://github.com/ChristopherMacGown)
Paul Voccio ("pvo":http://github.com/pvo)
Joe Ocampo ("agilejoe":http://github.com/agilejoe)

h2. Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Jason Meridth. See LICENSE for details.
